Bump version to 0.4.5 (#240)
lightly-ai/lightly-studio: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed

> - Fixed issue where classification annotation type was displayed in annotations grid view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue with wrongly displayed annotations grid view in the presence of classification annotation type.
```

> - Fixed undo operation to work more consistently across different views.

Reviewer: This is duplicate, we have it in Changed

> - Fixed video sample type in example in readme and docs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed video sample type in examples in readme and docs.
```
